Update new top-level template changes (#26248)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/top-level-templates.md

[Top-level statements](../../csharp/fundamentals/program-structure/top-level-statements.md) means the compiler generates the namespace, class, and method elements for your main program. You can look at the code for the new application and imagine that it contains the statements inside the `Main` method generated by earlier templates. You can add more statements to the program, just like you can add more statements to your `Main` method in the traditional style. You can even add functions. They're created as local functions nested inside the generated `Main` method.

> Both top-level statements and the [implicit `using` directives](#implicit-using-directives) simplify the code that makes up your application. To follow an existing tutorial, add any new statements to the *Program.cs* file generated by the template. You can imagine that the statements you write are between the open and closing braces in the `Main` method in the instructions of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both top-level statements and [implicit `using` directives](#implicit-using-directives) simplify the code that makes up your application. To follow an existing tutorial, add any new statements to the *Program.cs* file generated by the template. You can imagine that the statements you write are between the open and closing braces in the `Main` method in the instructions of the tutorial.
```

If you'd prefer to use the older format, you can copy the code from the second example in this article, and continue the tutorial as before.

> You can learn more about top-level statements in the tutorial exploration on [top level statements](../../csharp/whats-new/tutorials/top-level-statements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about top-level statements in the tutorial exploration on [top-level statements](../../csharp/whats-new/tutorials/top-level-statements.md).
```

## Implicit `using` directives

> *Implicit `using` directives* mean the compiler automatically imports a set of [`using` directives](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-directive.md) based on the project type.  For console applications, the following directives are implicitly referenced by the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Implicit `using` directives* mean the compiler automatically adds a set of [`using` directives](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-directive.md) based on the project type.  For console applications, the following directives are implicitly included in the application:
```

- `using System;`
- `using System.IO;`
- `using System.Collections.Generic;`
- `using System.Linq;`
- `using System.Net.Http;`
- `using System.Threading;`
- `using System.Threading.Tasks;`

Other application types include more namespaces that are common for those application types.

### Disable implicit `using` statements

> If you want to turn off this behavior and manually control all namespaces in your project, add [`<ImplicitUsings>disable</ImplicitUsings>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#disableimplicitnamespaceimports) in the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to turn off this behavior and manually control all namespaces in your project, add [`<ImplicitUsings>disable</ImplicitUsings>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#implicitusings) in the project file.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we say instead, to turn off implicit usings, remove
```
<ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>
```

## Global `using` directives

> *Global `using` directives* are a way to explicitly import a [`using` directive](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-directive.md) for your whole application. These can be added either through the project with the [`<Using>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#using) setting, or by adding the `global using` directive to a code file.

Reviewer 3: `global using` perhaps (formatted as code I mean), given those are the literal keywords used in the code.

> The project [`<Using>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#using) setting allows you to remove a specific [implicit `using` directive](#implicit-using-directives). For example, if the feature is turned on with [`<ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#disableimplicitnamespaceimports), declaring the following `<Using>` setting would remove the `System.Net.Http` namespace from those implicitly added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add a [`<Using>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#using) item in your project file to remove a specific [implicit `using` directive](#implicit-using-directives). For example, if the implicit usings feature is turned on with [`<ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#implicitusings), adding the following `<Using>` item removes the `System.Net.Http` namespace from those that are implicitly imported:
```
